the former companies our tv even
if day
behind events
I have regional news to participate
along with that slide my colleague anna
Antonov
like this
I hope we just do not
Yes, and the water is known that they did not disappear
expel a and appeared
repeated mothers of genocide basically
late you'll not hear
I do not know what state
plans to oblige the plan to us
use of nuclear
I don't think he has three floors
main areas of cooperation
Russia United States
while seeking
rang one ball we have over a dozen it is not
less we try to install the part
states
yes of course I heard
well that allowed to save several times
question we have not heard
and as I asked the contract rights which
plans to sign with Russia and the United States
besides wounded use
nuclear energy
of course he has at least some
count every hour
started in the linen are asked to move the camera a
because to speak its right and
to itself on it all this created cold all
technical problems with our country
came
another city located by
near Moscow has already created a precedent
precedent for Russian
electoral system near Moscow
climax and Klimovsk remained without
representative of the government last year's results
local council elections
in the presence of the mission some time
information broadcast on our
channel will continue regional news
if legs and china
our colleague empty words zakharkina that
soldiers what are the investigators
hello colleagues today releases
news Ural villagers Kamyshevatskoy
even if the times have disabled the pump
pressure towers
to provide dozens of people with water
fire houses circling high-rise buildings
cultivated car and cucumbers remember
rut technology every plant
located in separate bags of soil a
facade nutrient mixtures for dressing
controls the computer
and in these and other events lead the Urals
insult the upcoming release
thanks interfax
wg markets
turn back
they were tatyana deikun
Michael Antonov all the good way of development
Sergey Shishkin with us
most recently and now almost by one
two were released from captivity
the policeman and there is
there is more sports news ahead
weather forecast
i say goodbye to you
in Russia Sergey Sobyanin
a few minutes ago it became known that
the head of the media holding holding Vladimir
Gusinsky filed
official charge
large-scale fraud
while on the preventive measure remains
the same Usinsk will continue
Butyrskaya family to be more active about
reporters were informed by his lawyer
henry reznik
still left after the departure of the royal family
from tobolsk almost 2000 judging by
video rub more important
but not provided
in the coming month
its essence in the houses will not appear
that they settle on a new Grishchenko for
to have a tree here
should take place assets change color
environment and then the pictures will be
look something like this
it is through this as they say goblet
will be like a raven encroaching
in Sumy
for some reason all the students are Moscow
the post of prime minister of Ukraine will take
a man who was 2 years old
wishes from all political forces and not
may become Yuri Ekhanurov
Viktor Yanukovych cannot
proposed anti-crisis to
licenses
under the eye put on the table the president
Viktor Yushchenko
so that it is already
new notes of the nature of the Supreme Rada
Ukraine to vote
I would add
second accident
I have to add that the closest
different were supposed to be festivities by
the occasion of the city’s day to develop a lot
farther
I have to add
me from this big coming weekend in
Rostov should have been
Do not forget that the coming years Russia
will have to celebrate the day
cities new format unthinkable program
to lead Moscow
on channel russia realizing this marital
tradition